readme.md, before:

![alt text](./lib/snaps/logo.png)

<div align="center">

<span>
    🎄 Bring the Advent JS joy to your console! 🎄
</span>

<br>

![deno](https://img.shields.io/badge/deno-^1.41.0-green?logo=deno)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-lightyellow?logo=typescript)
![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-blue?logo=javascript)
![v1.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.1-blue.svg)

</div>


> [!WARNING]
> Don't star this repo!
> This is a personal project to learn about Deno packages,
> Console Apps and have fun coding with a project that I
> enjoyed solving in the past.
> If you like this project, please consider visiting the
> original website https://adventjs.dev/ and consider
> following [@midudev](https://midu.dev/) on his social media which is
> the creator of the original project.

<div align="center">

<a href="https://midu.dev/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://midu.dev/logo.png" width="200">
</a>

[![MiduLive](https://img.shields.io/badge/MiduLive-red?logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/@midulive)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midudev-blue?logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/midudev)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midu.dev-lightblue?logo=instagram)](https://instagram.com/midu.dev)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midudev-grey?logo=github)](https://github.com/midudev)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midudev-pink?logo=twitch)](https://twitch.tv/midudev)

</div>

This console version is designed to test your solutions locally before submitting them to the platform.
Your code will be tested against the public test cases and in some cases against some random test cases.
You can use wheter JavaScript or TypeScript to solve the problems.
This description will be shown once the CLI is executed for the first time, after that, you
can choose the option to create a config file for the CLI with this option disabled by default.

This CLI will help you to:
- Create a new problem solution template to fast start
- Read the problems descriptions
- Test your solutions
- Focus on solving the problem in a local environment before submitting it to the platform
- Avoid code overhead by setting up a repository to share your solutions

## Demo

https://github.com/jamerrq/advent-js-cli/assets/35697365/df9dc624-6efa-4e38-8800-4ec6058a4586

Commit message:

docs: update docs with official denoland entry

readme.md, after:

![alt text](./lib/snaps/logo.png)

<div align="center">

<span>
    🎄 Bring the Advent JS joy to your console! 🎄
</span>

<br>

![deno](https://img.shields.io/badge/deno-^1.41.0-green?logo=deno)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-lightyellow?logo=typescript)
![javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-blue?logo=javascript)
![v1.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.1-blue.svg)

</div>


> [!WARNING]
> Don't star this repo!
> This is a personal project to learn about Deno packages,
> Console Apps and have fun coding with a project that I
> enjoyed solving in the past.
> If you like this project, please consider visiting the
> original website https://adventjs.dev/ and consider
> following [@midudev](https://midu.dev/) on his social media which is
> the creator of the original project.

<div align="center">

<a href="https://midu.dev/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://midu.dev/logo.png" width="200">
</a>

[![MiduLive](https://img.shields.io/badge/MiduLive-red?logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/@midulive)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midudev-blue?logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/midudev)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midu.dev-lightblue?logo=instagram)](https://instagram.com/midu.dev)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midudev-grey?logo=github)](https://github.com/midudev)
[![MiduDev](https://img.shields.io/badge/midudev-pink?logo=twitch)](https://twitch.tv/midudev)

</div>

This console version is designed to test your solutions locally before submitting them to the platform.
Your code will be tested against the public test cases and in some cases against some random test cases.
You can use wheter JavaScript or TypeScript to solve the problems.
This description will be shown once the CLI is executed for the first time, after that, you
can choose the option to create a config file for the CLI with this option disabled by default.

This CLI will help you to:
- Create a new problem solution template to fast start
- Read the problems descriptions
- Test your solutions
- Focus on solving the problem in a local environment before submitting it to the platform
- Avoid code overhead by setting up a repository to share your solutions

## Installation

You must have Deno installed in your system to use this CLI.
In case you don't have it, you can install it by following the instructions in the official website https://docs.deno.com/runtime/manual

```bash
deno install --allow-read --allow-write --allow-net --allow-run https://deno.land/x/adventjs@v1.0.1/mod.ts
```

## Usage

```bash
adventjs
```

## Demo

https://github.com/jamerrq/advent-js-cli/assets/35697365/df9dc624-6efa-4e38-8800-4ec6058a4586
